API docs - doc dynamic issuer mode for IDPs (#3469)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/reference/api/idps/index.md

|--------------| ------------------------------------------------------------ |---------------------------------------------------------------------------| -------- | ------ | -------- | --------- | --------- |
| _embedded    | Embedded resources related to the IdP                      | [JSON HAL](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/draft-kelly-json-hal-06) | TRUE  | FALSE | TRUE  |   |     |
| _links       | [Discoverable resources](#links-object) related to the IdP | [JSON HAL](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/draft-kelly-json-hal-06) | TRUE  | FALSE | TRUE  |   |     |
| created      | Timestamp when the IdP was created                             | Date                                                                      | FALSE | FALSE | TRUE  |   |     |
| id           | Unique key for the IdP                                       | String                                                                    | FALSE    | TRUE   | TRUE     |           |           |

> | issuerMode   | Indicates whether Okta uses the original Okta org domain URL or a custom domain URL in the request to the social IdP  | `ORG_URL`, `CUSTOM_URL` or `DYNAMIC`                                       | FALSE | FALSE | FALSE |   |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| issuerMode   | Indicates whether Okta uses the original Okta org domain URL or a custom domain URL in the request to the social IdP  | `ORG_URL`, `CUSTOM_URL`, or `DYNAMIC`                                       | FALSE | FALSE | FALSE |   |
```

| name         | Unique name for the IdP                                    | String                                                                    | FALSE | TRUE  | FALSE | 1 | 100 |
| policy       | Policy settings for IdP `type`                             | [Policy object](#policy-object)                                           | FALSE | FALSE | FALSE |   |     |
| protocol     | Protocol settings for IdP `type`                           | [Protocol object](#protocol-object)                                       | FALSE | FALSE | FALSE |   |     |
| status       | Status of the IdP                                          | `ACTIVE` or `INACTIVE`                                                    | FALSE | FALSE | TRUE  |   |     |
| type         | Type of IdP                                                  | [Identity Provider Type](#identity-provider-type)                         | FALSE    | FALSE  | FALSE    |           |           |

#### Property details

* The `id`, `created`, `lastUpdated`, and `_links` properties are available after an IdP is created.

> * `issuerMode` indicates which URL Okta uses in the request to the social IdP. The `CUSTOM_URL` option is visible only if you have a custom URL domain configured.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `issuerMode` indicates which URL Okta uses in the request to the social IdP. You can set `issuerMode` to `CUSTOM_URL` only if you have a custom URL domain configured.
```

> * `issuerMode` indicates which url Okta uses in the request to the social IdP. The `CUSTOM_URL` option is visible only if you have a custom URL domain configured.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `issuerMode` indicates which URL Okta uses in the request to the social IdP. The `CUSTOM_URL` option is visible only if you have a custom URL domain configured.
```

    * If set to `ORG_URL`, then in the authorize request to the social IdP, Okta uses the Okta org's original domain URL (`https://${yourOktaDomain}`) as the domain in the `redirect_uri`.

    * If set to `CUSTOM_URL`, then in the authorize request to the social IdP, Okta uses the custom domain URL as the domain in the `redirect_uri`.

>     * If set to `DYNAMIC`, then in the authorize request to the social IdP, Okta uses the custom domain URL as the domain in the `redirect_uri` if the request was made from the custom domain URL, else Okta uses the Okta org's original domain URL if the request was made from the Okta org domain.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * If set to `DYNAMIC`, then in the authorize request to the social IdP, Okta uses the custom domain URL as the domain in the `redirect_uri` if the request was made from the custom domain URL. Otherwise, Okta uses the Okta org's original domain URL if the request was made from the Okta org domain.
```
